docs/en/get_started/introduction.md, before:

## Introduction

MMCV is a foundational library for computer vision research and supports many
research projects as below:

- [MIM](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mim): MIM installs OpenMMLab packages.
- [MMClassification](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmclassification): OpenMMLab image classification toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMDetection](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection): OpenMMLab detection toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMDetection3D](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection3d): OpenMMLab's next-generation platform for general 3D object detection.
- [MMRotate](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmrotate): OpenMMLab rotated object detection toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMSegmentation](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation): OpenMMLab semantic segmentation toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMOCR](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmocr): OpenMMLab text detection, recognition, and understanding toolbox.
- [MMPose](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmpose): OpenMMLab pose estimation toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMHuman3D](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmhuman3d): OpenMMLab 3D human parametric model toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMSelfSup](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmselfsup): OpenMMLab self-supervised learning toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMRazor](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmrazor): OpenMMLab model compression toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMFewShot](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmfewshot): OpenMMLab fewshot learning toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMAction2](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmaction2): OpenMMLab's next-generation action understanding toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMTracking](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmtracking): OpenMMLab video perception toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMFlow](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmflow): OpenMMLab optical flow toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMEditing](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmediting): OpenMMLab image and video editing toolbox.
- [MMGeneration](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmgeneration): OpenMMLab image and video generative models toolbox.
- [MMDeploy](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdeploy): OpenMMLab model deployment framework.

It provides the following functionalities.

- Universal IO APIs
- Image/Video processing
- Image and annotation visualization
- Useful utilities (progress bar, timer, ...)
- PyTorch runner with hooking mechanism
- Various CNN architectures
- High-quality implementation of common CUDA ops

```{note}
MMCV requires Python 3.6+.
```

Commit message:

[Docs] Add more Windows information in README (#1829)
* [Docs] Add more windows information in README

* minor fix

* rename MacOS to macOS

docs/en/get_started/introduction.md, after:

## Introduction

MMCV is a foundational library for computer vision research and supports many
research projects as below:

- [MIM](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mim): MIM installs OpenMMLab packages.
- [MMClassification](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmclassification): OpenMMLab image classification toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMDetection](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection): OpenMMLab detection toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMDetection3D](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection3d): OpenMMLab's next-generation platform for general 3D object detection.
- [MMRotate](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmrotate): OpenMMLab rotated object detection toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMSegmentation](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation): OpenMMLab semantic segmentation toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMOCR](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmocr): OpenMMLab text detection, recognition, and understanding toolbox.
- [MMPose](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmpose): OpenMMLab pose estimation toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMHuman3D](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmhuman3d): OpenMMLab 3D human parametric model toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMSelfSup](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmselfsup): OpenMMLab self-supervised learning toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMRazor](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmrazor): OpenMMLab model compression toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMFewShot](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmfewshot): OpenMMLab fewshot learning toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMAction2](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmaction2): OpenMMLab's next-generation action understanding toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMTracking](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmtracking): OpenMMLab video perception toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMFlow](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmflow): OpenMMLab optical flow toolbox and benchmark.
- [MMEditing](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmediting): OpenMMLab image and video editing toolbox.
- [MMGeneration](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmgeneration): OpenMMLab image and video generative models toolbox.
- [MMDeploy](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdeploy): OpenMMLab model deployment framework.

It provides the following functionalities.

- Universal IO APIs
- Image/Video processing
- Image and annotation visualization
- Useful utilities (progress bar, timer, ...)
- PyTorch runner with hooking mechanism
- Various CNN architectures
- High-quality implementation of common CUDA ops

It supports the following systems.

- Linux
- Windows
- macOS

```{note}
MMCV requires Python 3.6+.
```
